<h3 id="6. Spark plus APIC-EM lab 2in1">6. Spark plus APIC-EM lab 2in1</h3>

And now let us try something a little bit more complex. Let’s assume that a manager needs some data from a device. The days in which he used Telnet and SSH are long gone. Now he wishes to use his tablet with a collaboration tool in order to access the data.
Our program will use APIC-EM to fetch all the devices in the network. He will choose the device he wishes to see the configuration of. The steps that the program will fulfill:
1.	Automatically create a new Spark room
2.	Automatically add the manager to the new Spark room
3.	Query APIC-EM and list in the Spark room the devices in your network
4.	Ask the manager to select the device he wishes to see the configuration of (and post his option in the Spark room). If someone else except the manager posts the answer in the Spark room it does not work
5.	The manager posts his option in the Spark room.
6.	The program interrogates the APIC-EM and fetches the configuration of the respective device.
7.	The configuration is posted in the Spark room and the manager is happy 

In order to complete the exercise:
*	Open PyCharm and explore the code of the “Spark&APIC-EM.py”.
*	Replace the ***supervisor_email*** with the email address you get from the supervisor (ask the supervisor for it)
*	Replace the ***firstname_familyname_finished_the_challange*** with your personal information regarding the first name and the family name
*	Find the line where the correct operator is missing and replace the ***correct_operator*** text in the respective line with the correct operator. TIP: choose between ***"and"***, ***"or"*** and ***"xor"***.
*	Go to the command line and run ***“py -3 Spark&APIC-EM.py”***



<div align="center">
<h3 style="color: #2155ae">
Congratulations! You have successfully completed the 2in1 lab!
</h3>
</div>



<div align="center">
<h2 style="color: #2155ae">
We would really appreciate your feedback. Please ask the Supervisor to add you to our special room for people that completed the lab and let us know your thoughts.
